feat: Single document (#37)
SciCatProject/governance: procedures/CONTRIBUTING.md

The SciCat core repositories are managed as a single project. They have a single maintainers group and a single merge group.

## AI Contribution

In this paragraph we address the use of AI in developing code for the Project.
The following rules must be followed if AI is used in any PR contributed to the Project:

> - All the PR must be created by a human submitter

Reviewer: Instead of - All the PR must be created by a human submitter
```suggestion

- We do not support automating raising of pull requests by Agentic AI. All PRs must be submitted by a human.

```

Also does this stop us using things like dependabot? Because if so we might need to say:
```suggestion
- We do not support automating raising of pull requests by Agentic AI. All PRs must be submitted by a human or a trusted tool bot e.g. dependabot.
```

Author: Good point

- The human submitter must review all AI-generated code
- Compliance with licensing requirements must be ensured

> - The human submitter and reviewers must add their own Signed-off-by tag to certify the DCO (???)

Reviewer: do we want this level of overhead? Is it just enough that we use our own accounts to review PRs?

- The PR can be accepted only if at least one human reviewer has reviewed it and signed it off

> - Humans submitter and reviewers will take full responsibility for the contribution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Human submitters and reviewers will take full responsibility for the contribution
```

> - PR can be merged only by a human belonging to the Merge group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PR can be merged only by a person belonging to the Merge group
```
